Remove curl -k from examples and add certificate guidance (#6078)
elastic/docs-content: troubleshoot/ingest/logstash/diagnostic.md

## Capture diagnostic information [diagnostic-capture]

::::{tip}

> The following examples assume your endpoint has a valid certificate. If you’re testing with self-signed certificates, add [`--insecure`](https://curl.se/docs/manpage.html#-k) (or `-k`) to the curl command to skip SSL/TLS verification. Don’t use this flag in production environments.

Author: ```suggestion
The following examples assume your endpoint has a valid certificate. If you're testing with self-signed certificates, add [`--insecure`](https://curl.se/docs/manpage.html#-k) (or `-k`) to the curl command to skip SSL/TLS verification. Don't use this flag in production environments.
```
